(DRAFT) Add Merfolk Campaign to Flagrant Coasts (#70)
FlagrantGarden/site: content/games/factions/supplements/coasts/Forces/mid-isles.md

### Berserkers

All fight as Champions. The Old Berserkers roll 8d6 to hit and have the [Berserker][2] Byname. The
Aspirant Berserkers roll 4d6 to hit.

|   Type   |      ME      |   MO    |     MI      |  FS   |   R   |   T   |          Traits          |
| :------- | :----------: | :-----: | :---------: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :----------------------- |
| Old      | 5+ / 5+ / 5+ | 5+ / 8" | 6+ / 5+ / - |   8   |  4+   |   3   | Self-Destruct, Unfeeling |
| Aspirant | 5+ / 5+ / 5+ | 5+ / 8" | 6+ / 5+ / - |   4   |  4+   |   2   | Berserker Berries        |

> Berserker Berries
> : Activate freely to devour, gaining the Reckless trait, +1T, +4FS, and +4d6 to hit for 3d6 rounds.
>   Reckless applies against friendly Groups and enemies alike.

Author: I think we could word this differently:

```suggestion
Berserker Berries
: Activate freely to devour. Gain the Reckless trait, +1T, +4FS, and +4d6 to hit for 3d6 rounds.
  Reckless applies against all Groups, even allies.
```
